<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_y4b_bph_vw">
 <title>Quick Configuration</title>

 <conbody>
  <p>For genral use, the <userinput>aws configure</userinput> command is the fastest way to set up
   your AWS CLI installation.</p>
  <codeblock>$ aws configure
AWS Access Key ID [None]: <i><b>AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE</b></i>
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: <i><b>wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY</b></i>
Default region name [None]: <i><b>us-west-2</b></i>
Default output format [None]: <i><b>json</b></i></codeblock>

  <p>The AWS CLI will prompt you for four pieces of information, AWS Access Key ID and AWS Secret
   Access Key are your account credentials. If you don't have keys, see the Getting Set Up section
   earlier in this guide.</p>
  <p>Default region is the name of the region you want to make calls against by default. This is
   usually the region closest to you, but it can be any region.</p><note>You must specify an AWS regio when using the AWS CLI. For a list of services and available
   regions, see Regions and EndPoints.</note><draft-comment author="NBS">Convert to XREF when it is available.</draft-comment>
  <p>Default output format can be either json, text, or table. If you don't specify an output format, json will be used.</p>
  <p>If you have multiple profiles, you can configure additional, names profiles by using the
    <codeph>--profile</codeph> option.</p>
  <codeblock>$ <b>aws configure --profile user2</b>  
AWS Access Key ID [None]: <i><b>AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE</b></i>
AWS Secret Access Key [None]: <i><b>wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY</b></i>
Default region name [None]: <i><b>us-east-1</b></i>
Default output format [None]: <i><b>text</b></i></codeblock>
  <p>To update any of your settings, simply run <codeph>aws configure</codeph> again and enter new values as appropriate. The following sections contain more information on the files that <codeph>aws configure</codeph> creates, additional settings, and named profiles. </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
