<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="concept_jm5_x13_vw">
 <title>Configuration and Credential Files</title>
 <conbody>
  <p>The CLI stores credentials specified in with <codeph>aws configure</codeph> in a local file
   named <filepath>credentials</filepath> in a folder named <filepath>.aws</filepath> in your home
   directory. Home directory location varies but can be reffered to used the environment variables
    <codeph>%userProfile%</codeph> in Windows and <filepath>$HOME</filepath> or
    <filepath>~</filepath> (tilde) in Unix-like systems. </p>
  <p>For example, the following commands list the contents of the <filepath>.aws</filepath>
   folder:</p>
  <p><b>Linux, OS X, or Unix</b></p>
  <p>
   <codeblock>$ <b>ls ~/.aws</b></codeblock>
  </p>
  <p><b>Windows</b></p>
  <p>
   <codeblock><b>dir %UserProfile%\.aws</b></codeblock>
  </p>
  <p>In order to separate credentials from less sensitive options, region, and output formats are
   stores in a separate file named <filepath>config</filepath> in the same folder.</p>
  <p>The default file location for the config file can be overriddern by setting the
    <codeph>AWS_CONFIG_FILE</codeph> environment variable to another local pathe. See Environment
   Variables for details.</p>
  <p><b>Storing Credentials in Config</b></p>
  <p>The AWS CLI will also read credntials from the config file. If you wabnt to keep all your
   profiles settings in a single file, you can. If there are ever credentials in both locations for
   a profile (say you used <codeph>aws configure</codeph> to update the profile's keys), the keys in
   the credentials file will take precedence.</p>
  <p>If you use one of the SDKs in addition to the AWS CLI, you may notice additional warnings if
   credentials are not stored in their own file.</p>
  <p>The files generated by the CLI for the profioe configured in the previous section look like
   this:</p>
  <p><codeph><b>~/.aws/credentials</b></codeph></p>
  <p>
   <codeblock>[default]
aws_access_key_id=AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE
aws_secret_access_key=wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY </codeblock> </p>
  <p><codeph><b>~/.aws/config</b></codeph></p>
  <p>
   <codeblock>[default]
region=us-west-2
output=json</codeblock>
  </p>
  <p><b>aws_access_key_id</b> — AWS access key.</p>
  <p><b>aws_secret_access_key</b> — AWS secret key.</p>
  <p><b>aws_session_token</b> — AWS session token. A session token is only required if you are using
   temporary security credentials.</p>
  <p><b>region</b> — AWS region.</p>
  <p><b>output</b> — output format (json, text, or table).</p>
  
 
 </conbody>
</concept>
