<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_mgf_jnz_5w">
    <title>Getting your access key ID and secret access key</title>
    <shortdesc><xref href="http://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/installing.html"
            format="html"/></shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context><p/>Access keys consist of an access key ID and secret access key, which are used
            to sign programmatic requests that you make to AWS. If you don't have access keys, you
            can create them by using the AWS Management Console. We recommend that you use IAM
            access keys instead of AWS root access keys. IAM lets you securely control access to AWS
            services and resources in your AWS account.<note>To creat access keys, you must have
                permissions to perfom the required IAM actions. For more information, see Granting
                IAM User Permission to Manage Password Policy and Credentials in the <i>IAM User
                    Guide</i>.</note></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Open the <uicontrol>IAM console</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the navigation pane, choose <uicontrol>Users</uicontrol>.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose your IAM user name (not the check box).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose the <uicontrol>Security Credentials</uicontrol> tab and then choose
                        <uicontrol>Create Access Key.</uicontrol></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>To see your access key, choose <uicontrol>Show User Security
                        Credentials</uicontrol>. Your credentials will look something like
                    this:</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul id="ul_my2_3pz_5w">
                        <li>Access Key ID: <tt>AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE</tt>
                        </li>
                        <li>Secret Access Key: <tt>wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY</tt></li>
                    </ul>
                </info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Choose <uicontrol>Download Credentials</uicontrol>, and store the keys in a
                    secure location.</cmd>
                <info> Your secret key will no longer be available through the AWS Management
                    Console; you will have the only copy. Keep it confidential in order to protect
                    your account, and never email it. Do not share it outside your organization,
                    even if an inquiry appears to come from AWS or Amazon.com. No one who
                    legitmately represents Amazon will ever ask for your secret key. </info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
